README.md, before:

![alt text](/img/logo.png "Aries Integration for Transforming Typeform")

# Aries Integration for Transforming [Typeform](https://www.typeform.com/help/data-api/)

![Build Status][ci-badge]

Typeform is a web-based platform where users can create online forms. Users will then be able to monitor and track answers associated with each form. This integration transforms the raw response into a mapped array of objects with key/value pairs set as question/answer.

## Response
This integration transforms the raw response into a mapped array of objects with key/value pairs set as question/answer values.
```javascript
[
  {
    "What_is_your_gender": "Male",
    "What_is_your_age": "18 to 24",
    "What_is_the_highest_level_of_education_you_have_completed": "Bachelor's degree",
    "In_which_country_were_you_born": "United States of America",
    "What_is_your_ethnicity": "Asian",
    "What_is_your_marital_status": "Single (never married)",
    "What_is_your_height": "5'3\" - 5'7\"",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345670": "Nike",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345671": "Adidas",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345672": "Under Armour",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345673": "North Face",
    "How_many_shoes_have_you_bought_in_the_past_year": "1",
    "How_much_have_you_spent_on_athletic_apparel_in_the_past_year": "$101 - $150",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123450": "Football",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123451": "Basketball",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123452": "Tennis",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products": "Television",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_1": "Magazines",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_2": "Friends & Family",
    "timestamp": "2016-07-12T03:43:01.319Z"
    "date_land":"2016-06-02 21:04:34",
    "date_submit":"2016-06-02 21:04:58",
    "user_agent":"Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_3) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/50.0.2661.102 Safari/537.36"
  },
  {
    "What_is_your_gender": "Male",
    "What_is_your_age": "25 to 34",
    "What_is_the_highest_level_of_education_you_have_completed": "Bachelor's degree",
    "In_which_country_were_you_born": "United States of America",
    "What_is_your_ethnicity": "White",
    "What_is_your_marital_status": "Single (never married)",
    "What_is_your_height": "5'3\" - 5'7\"",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345670": "Nike",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345671": "Adidas",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345672": "Under Armour",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345673": "",
    "How_many_shoes_have_you_bought_in_the_past_year": "2",
    "How_much_have_you_spent_on_athletic_apparel_in_the_past_year": "$101 - $150",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123450": "Football",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123451": "Basketball",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123452": "",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_121": "",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_122": "",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_123": "Friends & Family",
    "timestamp": "2016-07-12T03:43:01.319Z",
    "date_land":"2016-06-02 21:04:34",
    "date_submit":"2016-06-02 21:04:58",
    "user_agent":"Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_3) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/50.0.2661.102 Safari/537.36"
  }
 ]
```
## License
MIT

[ci-link]: https://circleci.com/gh/aries-data/aries-activity-typeform-transform
[ci-badge]: https://circleci.com/gh/aries-data/aries-activity-typeform-transform.svg?style=svg

Commit message:

Updated README with Methods and Config

README.md, after:

![alt text](/img/logo.png "Aries Integration for Transforming Typeform")

# Aries Integration for Transforming [Typeform](https://www.typeform.com/help/data-api/)

![Build Status][ci-badge]

Typeform is a web-based platform where users can create online forms. Users will then be able to monitor and track answers associated with each form. This integration transforms the raw response into a mapped array of objects with key/value pairs set as question/answer.

## Methods

### On Task
`onTask` - Runs the Activity.

## Configuration
This Activity does not use any config options.

## Response
This integration transforms the raw response into a mapped array of objects with key/value pairs set as question/answer values.
```javascript
[
  {
    "What_is_your_gender": "Male",
    "What_is_your_age": "18 to 24",
    "What_is_the_highest_level_of_education_you_have_completed": "Bachelor's degree",
    "In_which_country_were_you_born": "United States of America",
    "What_is_your_ethnicity": "Asian",
    "What_is_your_marital_status": "Single (never married)",
    "What_is_your_height": "5'3\" - 5'7\"",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345670": "Nike",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345671": "Adidas",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345672": "Under Armour",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345673": "North Face",
    "How_many_shoes_have_you_bought_in_the_past_year": "1",
    "How_much_have_you_spent_on_athletic_apparel_in_the_past_year": "$101 - $150",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123450": "Football",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123451": "Basketball",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123452": "Tennis",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products": "Television",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_1": "Magazines",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_2": "Friends & Family",
    "timestamp": "2016-07-12T03:43:01.319Z"
    "date_land":"2016-06-02 21:04:34",
    "date_submit":"2016-06-02 21:04:58",
    "user_agent":"Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_3) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/50.0.2661.102 Safari/537.36"
  },
  {
    "What_is_your_gender": "Male",
    "What_is_your_age": "25 to 34",
    "What_is_the_highest_level_of_education_you_have_completed": "Bachelor's degree",
    "In_which_country_were_you_born": "United States of America",
    "What_is_your_ethnicity": "White",
    "What_is_your_marital_status": "Single (never married)",
    "What_is_your_height": "5'3\" - 5'7\"",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345670": "Nike",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345671": "Adidas",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345672": "Under Armour",
    "Which_of_the_following_brands_do_you_wear_12345673": "",
    "How_many_shoes_have_you_bought_in_the_past_year": "2",
    "How_much_have_you_spent_on_athletic_apparel_in_the_past_year": "$101 - $150",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123450": "Football",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123451": "Basketball",
    "What_sports_do_you_frequently_follow_123452": "",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_121": "",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_122": "",
    "Where_do_you_learn_about_new_athletic_products_123": "Friends & Family",
    "timestamp": "2016-07-12T03:43:01.319Z",
    "date_land":"2016-06-02 21:04:34",
    "date_submit":"2016-06-02 21:04:58",
    "user_agent":"Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_3) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/50.0.2661.102 Safari/537.36"
  }
 ]
```
## License
MIT

[ci-link]: https://circleci.com/gh/aries-data/aries-activity-typeform-transform
[ci-badge]: https://circleci.com/gh/aries-data/aries-activity-typeform-transform.svg?style=svg
